MS Hosting Change Log Announcements Improvements (#2299)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/cumulocity-1020-110-0-endpoints-access-change-in-microservices-SDK.md

ticket: MTM-58316
version: 1020.111.0
---

> Improving security for Microservice SDK we have decided to restrict initial configuration of the Spring Boot actuator endpoints (POST access to the `/loggers` endpoint) to the admin related roles only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Improving the security for the Microservice SDK we have decided to restrict the initial configuration of the Spring Boot actuator endpoints (POST access to the `/loggers` endpoint) to the administrator roles only.
```

version: 1020.111.0
---

> Improving security for Microservice SDK we have decided to restrict initial configuration of the Spring Boot actuator endpoints (POST access to the `/loggers` endpoint) to the admin related roles only. Please visit our [documentation](/)

Author: @mgrumann I couldn't find `/loggers` endpoint configuration in our docs. Do we have one? Imho the actual roles and how to configure requires explanation. I never new it is possible to configure that endpoint

Reviewer 2: Thanks for reaching out! I don't think we have any specific documentation about this topic. My guess is that people might be familiar with it because is a known Spring Boot feature which we provide without further ado. Experts from the platform management team who maintained the SDK in the last couple of years might know more.
